Changes introduced by work on academic paper (#3)
CERT-Polska/hfinger: README.md

# Hfinger - fingerprinting malware HTTP requests
Tool for fingerprinting HTTP requests of malware. Based on Tshark and written in Python3. Working prototype stage :-)

> It's main objective is to provide unique representations (fingerprints) of malware requests, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its main objective is to provide unique representations (fingerprints) of malware requests, 
```

Author: Changed in https://github.com/CERT-Polska/hfinger/commit/e5b2758b5a67f3ff619a9de2fa72e6408b5d35f8

is presented below. The feature selection process will be described in the forthcoming academic paper.

## Installation <a name="installation"></a>
Minimum requirements needed before installation:
* `Python` >= 3.3, 
* `Tshark` >= 2.2.0.

Installation available from PyPI:

`pip install hfinger`

Hfinger has been tested on Xubuntu 20.04 LTS with `tshark` package in version `3.2.3`, 
but should work with version `2.6.10` on Ubuntu 18.04.

Please note that as with any PoC, you should run Hfinger in a separated environment, 
at least with Python virtual environment. Its setup is not covered here, 
but you can try [this tutorial](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html).

## Usage <a name="usage"></a>
After installation, you can call the tool directly from a command line with `hfinger` 
or as a Python module with `python -m hfinger`.

For example:

```console
foo@bar:~$ hfinger -f /tmp/test.pcap
[{"epoch_time": "1614098832.205385000", "ip_src": "127.0.0.1", "ip_dst": "127.0.0.1", "port_src": "53664", "port_dst": "8080", "fingerprint": "2|3|1|php|0.6|PO|1|us-ag,ac,ac-en,ho,co,co-ty,co-le|us-ag:f452d7a9/ac:as-as/ac-en:id/co:Ke-Al/co-ty:te-pl|A|4|1.4"}]
```

> Help is displayed with short `-h` or long `--help` switches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Help can be displayed with short `-h` or long `--help` switches:
```

Author: Changed in https://github.com/CERT-Polska/hfinger/commit/e5b2758b5a67f3ff619a9de2fa72e6408b5d35f8
